ToDo:
	High Priority
		Fix AHKAddProductLineCondition.
		Fix enter features - DONE!
		ImprovedEditAsset only works when full screen.  - DONE!
		
	Medium Priority	
		Consider a way of auto setting check settings.
		Removing asset from SO doesn't seem to work.
		Look at need of returned features. 
		Should remove added assets after being added to SO.
		Make returns not change page. Add response to page, and remove in the same way so does.	
		
	Low Priority
		If number is product, just do that product
		Have popup about alerting everyone of the barcode scanner.
			
	Back burner
		Create Ultimate transfer.
		Improved Edit Asset: Mandate having some king of check if setting?
		Improved Location Page. (Basically boxing)		
		Check on location transfer. No asset should have more than 4 digits. 	
		Add by SN to Return. 
		Consider making a laptop guesser. Could use AI
		Have ability to turn off features.

		
Features
	Miscellaneous Usability
		For POs, SOs, Returns, and Edit Assets, 
			If there was only one result for the search, it is selected automatically. 
			Allows submitting information with the enter key rather than clicking the button 
			When enter is pressed (or an item is scanned) in the location field, focus is moved to the list field. (Not applicable for Edit Assets).
		Deleting an asset from a SO is reflected immediately. 
		Gives visual feedback for when page is loading
		Short report includes a count by item description. 
		Printing automatically pops up the print window, includes a way for the AutoHotKey program to tie in, and closes after printing.
		Has option to immediately add scanned assets to a SO. 
		When managing a location and only one comes up in the search, it is selected automatically.

	POs
		Allows better flow for adding product to a PO. These also apply to adding child assets (Which can also use AHK barcode commands).
			Selecting a product moves focus to SN. 
			Pressing enter (Or scanning) while in the SN field moves the focus to the Location field.
			When adding a line to a PO
				Prints tag
				Selects asset
				Focus external asset number.
			Save automatically locks the condition and focuses the product field. 	
		Checks EAN both for correctness and existence. 
		Adding Child assets
			Expanding the box focuses the product field.
			Selecting a product focuses the SN field.
			Entering a SN focuses the Location field.
			Automatically prints and expands added child assets.
			Goes to parent asset on save. 
			
	Returns
		More normal transfer boxes
		Clicking on the X removes item and reloads return order
		Unsets condition after return. (Option to turn off)
		Because you can't add a product to a return, I removed the add product to return field.
				
	Improved Edit Asset Page
		Lets you inspect and change assets without having to do the 4 clicks needed in the Edit Asset section.
		Can automatically set asset specs or tests.
		Can automatically transfer checked assets to a location or sales order.
		Can print the asset sticker as it gets scanned.
		Can focus different fields after an asset has loaded. (Currently just notes and ebay auction number)
		Alerts when an asset does not meet the check criteria. 
		Can add assets to returns (Won't save the return to unmark as shipped, only adds to return.)
		Searches by both asset id and sn.
	
	Reports
		Gives a count for each product. 
			Short report - The same product with different conditions gets put into seperate counts.
			Long report - The same product with different CPUs get put into seperate counts.
	
	Behind The Scenes 
		Auto Updates
		Alerts me when Brad changes function calls.
		Has specific calls for the AutoHotKey program(barcodes) to tie into. 
		Removed the backspace as a shortcut for the back button. It stops AutoHotKey from changing pages. 
		